devbox: add page (#10613)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/devbox.md

# devbox

> Easily create isolated shells for development.<br>
> Full docs: https://www.jetpack.io/devbox/docs/devbox_global/.

> - Quickly Find packages:
> 
> `devbox search {{package_name}}`
> 
> - Exhaustively find package versions:
> 
> `devbox search {{package_name}} --show-all`
> 
> - Install a package system wide:
> 
> ```
> devbox global add {{package_name}}@{{version_number}}
> devbox global install
> ```
> 
> - Install package for just this project:
> 
> ```
> devbox init
> devbox add {{package_name}}@{{version_number}}
> devbox shell
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Initialize a Devbox environment:

`devbox init`

- Search for packages:

`devbox search {{query}}`

- Add a package to `devbox.json` of the current environment:

`devbox add {{package}}@{{version}}`

- Add a package to the global `devbox.json`:

`devbox global add {{package}}@{{version}}`

- Install packages from `devbox.json` in the current environment:

`devbox install`

- Install packages from the global `devbox.json` system wide:

`devbox global install`

- Run a Devbox shell with installed packages:

`devbox shell`
```
